Prompt 1 - mobile super nintendo (Echo Labyrinth)
Add a new html file and make a web game in the html file and update index.html to link to it and make it the new "Featured Game". Move the old featured game to the "More Games" section. Make sure the game is different than the other games in the project. Make the game on par with a Super Nintendo game (do not mention Nintendo or Super Nintendo in the description of the game). Have the game be playable for both mobile and desktop users. Generate stylish art to use for the game. Be sure to integrate the art you created into the game, adding the art to the repo. Make sure the game has a "Back to Home" button to take the user back to the main page. Have the game give the player a score and integrate it with the leaderboard system like the other games. Put the game in its own folder along with all assets like the other games.

Prmopt 2 - desktop 80s 90s arcade (Neon Brick Breaker)
Add a new html file and make a web game in the html file and update index.html to link to it and make it the new "Featured Game". Move the old featured game to the "More Games" section. Make sure the game is different than the other games in the project. Make the game on par with an 80s or 90s arcade game. Generate stylish art to use for the game. Be sure to integrate the art you created into the game, adding the art to the repo. Make sure the game has a "Back to Home" button to take the user back to the main page. Have the game give the player a score and integrate it with the leaderboard system like the other games. Put the game in its own folder along with all assets like the other games.

Prompt 3 - desktop super nintendo (starlight pinball, emberfall gauntlet)
Add a new html file and make a web game in the html file and update index.html to link to it and make it the new "Featured Game". Move the old featured game to the "More Games" section. Make sure the game is different than the other games in the project. Make the game on par with a Super Nintendo game (do not mention Nintendo or Super Nintendo in the description of the game). Generate stylish art to use for the game. Be sure to integrate the art you created into the game, adding the art to the repo. Make sure the game has a "Back to Home" button to take the user back to the main page. Have the game give the player a score and integrate it with the leaderboard system like the other games. Put the game in its own folder along with all assets like the other games.

Prmopt 4 - mobile 80s 90s arcade
Add a new html file and make a web game in the html file and update index.html to link to it and make it the new "Featured Game". Move the old featured game to the "More Games" section. Make sure the game is different than the other games in the project. Make a mobile game on par with an 80s or 90s arcade game. Generate stylish art to use for the game. Be sure to integrate the art you created into the game, adding the art to the repo. The game should be designed to run on mobile. Make sure the game has a "Back to Home" button to take the user back to the main page. Have the game give the player a score and integrate it with the leaderboard system like the other games. Put the game in its own folder along with all assets like the other games.

Prompt 5 - Game Genres Catalog HD mobile
Add a new html file and make a web game in the html file and update index.html to link to it and make it the new "Featured Game". Move the old featured game to the "More Games" section. Make sure the game is different than the other games in the project. Make a high quality mobile-friendly game referencing 2D_Game_Genres_Catalog.md to get ideas for the type of game to make. Generate modern high quality art to use for the game. Be sure to integrate the art you created into the game, adding the art to the repo. The game should be designed to run on mobile, but high quality enough to look good on a desktop PC with a 4K monitor. Make sure the game has a "Back to Home" button to take the user back to the main page. Have the game give the player a score and integrate it with the leaderboard system like the other games. Put the game in its own folder along with all assets like the other games.
